h1. 960 Blue: A 960+Blueprint mashup

Version 1.2
2010-04-04

* Created by "David Sutoyo":http://david.sutoyo.com. Based on work by "Nathan Smith":http://sonspring.com and the "Blueprint Team":http://github.com/joshuaclayton/blueprint-css/blob/master/AUTHORS.textile.
* "960 Grid System":http://960.gs
* "Blueprint CSS Framework":http://blueprintcss.org

h2. Info

960 Blue is a mashup of the 960 Grid System and the Blueprint CSS Framework. The mashup was originally created to help with my own workflow. I loved the simplicity of 960, but wanted more padding and spacing in the grid. I also really liked how Blueprint sets up basic styles that are useful as a starting point. Add to that Containers, a small plugin I wrote for 960, which adds some extra classes to the system to help with nesting grid units -- specifically in instances where the developer is unable to add the "alpha" and "omega" classes. The original source for Containers is "here":http://github.com/dsutoyo/960-containers. The result was a CSS framework mashup that suited my own needs.

h2. Customizable

Included with 960 Blue are SASS files for use with SASS and Compass to generate custom grid frameworks for needs specific to a project. Right now, here are the parameters you can set:

* site width
* number of columns
* column width (without paddings and margins)
* column padding
* column margin
* line height
* default fonts

Unfortunately the code does not check that your math adds up, so do some planning before you generate! The syntax is based on SASS 3 and is not compatible with previous versions of SASS. For more info, please see:

* "SASS 3 Announcment":http://nex-3.com/posts/94-haml-sass-3-beta-released
* "SASS Website":http://www.sass-lang.com

For installing and using Compass, please see:

* "Compass Website":http://compass-style.org/

h2. License

960 Blue is released under the GPL/MIT Licenses